hihi ml! hyd? i js wanna write u this because i love you a lot. The past few days have been the best few days of my life and the past time we spent together has been the highlight of my whole entire life. I love you a lot and i genuinely cant put it into words enough so that you understand what i actually mean, so im writing u this to atleast try. I love you sm ml!

Every second that weve spent together has meant more to me than i could ever express. Every laugh, every little moment, every time we just laugh w each other, it all feels like magic. I cant even begin to explain how much i appreciate every moment with you. It feels like i found my other half, and i never thought i would get to experience something like this. I always imagined what it would be like to be this happy with someone, but nothing could have prepared me for how amazing it would actually feel to have someone like you by my side. Every time we talk, every time we laugh, every time we share even the smallest of moments, i feel like my heart is overflowing with joy. You make me feel things i didnt even know i was capable of feeling, and im so grateful for it.

There are so many things i wanna tell you  so many things i want you to know. i want u to know that every time i see you, my heart skips a beat. Every time you speak to me, my mind hangs on every word you say nd i find myself getting mesmerized by ur voice. i feel so lucky that ur mine, and i never want that to change. I wanna be there for you in the same way uve been there for me. When you laugh, it’s like my whole world lights up, and when ur sad or upset, i js wanna do everything in my power to make it all better for u. i know we both have our ups and downs, but with you, it feels like we can face anything together. i never thought id find someone who could make me feel this way, who could understand me so well. u get  me in a way no one else does, and that means everything to me.

Sometimes i sit and think about how we met, how everything in our lives led up to this moment. It feels like fate, like the universe was js waiting for us to find each other. its so crazy how things turned to be this way nd even though i know we still have a lot of time ahead of us, i know damn well we r gna continue working out. I feel like we r meant to be, and i cant wait to see where life takes us. Every second where ur not w me or on vc w me i feel as empty as ever, like a part of me is missing. its not a bad feeling but it reminds me how much i care about you. how much i wanna be with you. Even when we r not physically together i feel so close to you. Its like ur always with me in some way, and thats the best feeling in the world.

I know things wont always be perfect, and we may and will face challenges along the way, but i know we can handle anything together because no matter what happens, i will always love you. My love for you is constant, it doesn’t fade or go away. its something that is always there, always growing. its a love that will never end, and i want you to know that. Every day i spend with you feels like a beautiful dream that i never wanna wake up from. I wanna cherish every moment we have, every laugh, every weird moment, every time we sleep tg on vc.

You make me a better person ml. You make me feel things i never thought i would feel, and you inspire me to be the best version of myself. I am so proud of you and everything youve accomplished so far even if its as small as waking up or taking care of urself or going to school even tho u dont want to. Thank you for loving me, thank you for being there for me, thank you for js being you. I am so incredibly grateful for you, and i love you more than words can express. I want u to always remember that. Whenever you feel unsure, whenever u doubt anything, js know that i love you. I will always love you, with all my heart, and i will always be here for you.



---------------------- YOUR REPLY ----------------------




Im an ugly crier but I’m actually bawling right now. I love you so much zen and I’ve been holding back alot of things just so I don’t make u uncomfortable or feel like I’m pushing you over but your the most kindest beautiful pretty boy I’ve ever met brotororotototot in any lifetime I would run back to you , you are the missing peice of my heart I have been missing I don’t even know how to respond to all of this , you deserve the world and more SO MUCH MORE and whenever ur not around I get low , I have a pit in my stomach that’s missing and I’ve NEVER cared or felt that much for anyone in my life , I love ur up moments, your down moments, any moment I have eith you makes all my issues disappear for a lil bit , I got a lot going on in my life and alot of issues but you seem to ease that , your like medicine I never knew I needed mb if that sounds corny shutuo but I LOVR HOUIYIUI SO MUCH, and Im genuinely ..inlove with you if that’s a shocker wowza! Im so glad your in my life I’m so glad god gave me what I always needed , you are a blessing sent from heaven and I mean that so wholeheartedly, I love everything about you , your voice UUUGGUUG I love your voice , your laugh , your stupid jokes , your yaps about stuff you enjoy , I love your love I love your smile I love your nose your eyes your everything from top to bottom, I might sound crazy hush but I know I can never write everything I feel cause it’s just unexplainable cause I never felt some of these feelings before but I love you sososososo much and I’m so happy I have you ☹️
