today marks 5 months, 21 weeks, 150 days, 3650.004 hours spent with you, almost half a year with you, in love with you, with no one else but you. and my love for you will never end. every moment that we’ve shared together has been nothing but special to me and i couldn't be more in love with someone than i am with you. I wouldn’t want to spend my time with anyone else but you.  I don’t want a future with anyone else but you, you're all I need and all I ever want and all I’ve ever wanted. You're my part time lover and my part time friend,you picked me up at my lowest when i didn't know i needed somebody, you came along and changed my view on life and love and i realize how much i deserve you even though im messy and all over the place, we will be messy and all over the place together. Because we are in this for life and we will deal with the struggles and hard times that come along together, because nothing else matters to me but us , it’s us against the whole world, forever and always. I feel connected to you in ways i didn't think were possible, and I know i say that alot but i mean it with my whole heart, your the reason i get up in the morning, the reason i deal with all these people in my life because at the end of the day i know i get to spend it with you and that’s when i finally feel at peace, you are my peace, my safe place and my home, the one person i can be my absolute self with and you’ll still love every bit, id rather hear your silence then listen to anyone’s voice. 
even though there's so much distance between the two of us, that doesn't change the way that i feel for you, it doesn't change how much i love you with absolutely everything in me and it doesn't change how i want to be with you through all your journeys and achievements . big or small, good or bad i want to be here for them all and i will keep my word on that till the day that I die, aslong as i exist you’ll always be loved and appreciated and cared for, and you will always have someone who is so so so fucking proud of you aslong as i live. 
5 months is small but yet such a big achievement to me, aswell with being able to love you.  because i’ve never been in love with someone and loved them so much this hard, wrote all these things, and expressed my heart and felt safe and comfortable and finally settled down until i met you, and im so glad it’s you because I wouldn’t want it to be anyone else.  i’ve never been loved so hard by a person until you popped into my silly little life, and im so grateful that even when my life is cloudy there’s always room for the sun , and you are my sun that makes my day better and more beautiful. You are literally the absolute greatest thing to walk into my life and I don’t know how to repay you for making me the happiest girl I’ve ever been. You’ve helped me in ways i thought no one could, and i want to tell you that im so entirely appreciative of you for helping me and sitting with me on all my bad days, good days and the inbetweens. you get me in ways I never thought anyone would understand, and I know I’ve that said before but I mean absolutely nobody. the way I explain and express the ways I do and you understand it all makes me feel seen, and I couldn’t thank you enough for all the times you’ve sat there and just listened. you make me feel like it’s only me and you in this world and I want to keep it that way, and it’s going to stay that way, no matter if you can’t call, talk, or even contact me, the love I feel for you will never go away, it will just grow stronger and stronger every
single day , every hour and every minute, and the more we are apart just reminds me of how precious it is to be able to love someone so much that you feel like you can’t live without them.
I love you for understanding me and never pushing me away even when things get hard or there's something going on because at the end of day your problems are mine , and mine are yours and it’s going to stay that way. You bring out the best in me and you push me to strive harder and harder everyday and make me realize that there is so much more to live for , and experience, especially when I get to experience those things with you. Every little thing you do or we do will always stay in my heart and I will cherish those moments together as well with more moments to come, I want to do so much more with you while time continues to pass , i want to go on adventures with you , do all the things we said we’d do and we are going to make it through these though patches and it will all work our way at some point, no matter how long we have to wait it’s so fucking worth it because i know your going to be on the other side. and i would wait days months and years if it meant i get to be with you , kiss you and hold you and cherish every single thing in those moments and im waiting for that day to come. i love you so much my heart can’t even comprehend it, you have me locked in and i hope to never get locked out,
, I will always want to be the one to see you smile and get all shy, be the one to see your messy hair and see you right out of the shower, watch you brush your teeth and giggle at you, cry and express how you feel, watch how you handle different situations from the sidelines , cheer you on and support you through absolutely everything. I want to forever be that person and i plan on sticking to it , and I’ll never want you to change, your absolutely fucking prefect the way you are , even if you and or people may think otherwise, your my smart caring outgoing beautiful boy. you have carved your way permanently into my head and i will carry you with me until my very last breath. in any lifetime , till death do us part im still going to find you, and love you all over again. Any time and any place your the only thing that runs through my mind, my favourite topic to talk about and my favourite thing to look forward too, you are my purpose and you make me into a better person if u see it or not, i love you so dearly and i could never, ever get enough of you, your soul, every single detail of your pretty face, your jokes and everything all above. your so absolutely outstanding to me and I don’t know how to make you see it, but i will remind you and repeat myself until you see it just even a little. You stand out out of all the 8 billion people in this world and im so glad god gave me the most precious man on earth, a beautiful boy to love and care about the right way the way he deserves, you will always deserve more then I can ever give, but I will try my hardest to give you everything I can because you don’t deserve any other treatment other then that.  i always say this in every paragraph im so so so fucking proud of you, in all the different things you get to experience and enjoy, you did so well with it all, and your still doing absolutely phenomenal dealing with it all aswell, and im so glad that your finally feeling proud of yourself because that is all I’ve ever wanted to hear from you . I love you my handsome boy and im so so so happy for you. and will forever be proud of you and your achievements and accomplishments and all of the above. 
I don’t think you understand how much I feel for you, how much I’ve changed my bad habits for you, how much peace you bring me,how much I’ve grown for you, and I will continue to grow with you right here with me. I remember when I used to find all these silly nicknames so cringe and so weird coming out of anyone’s month towards me, but with you it feels so right, your the only person I’ve felt so real towards, the only person i never want to let go, and the only person i will let call me all these names. you have the biggest place in my heart and just continues to grow. you’ve helped make me into the best version of myself , to be the right person for you. and i hope i am forever because i can’t see myself without you. no matter what i do, who im with , i will always lead back to you, think about you, and love you. and i will say it again because i don’t say it enough or show how much i appreciate you, and value you and cherish you and everything we do together, your the key to my heart and the key to my soul and I wouldn’t give that up for the world. 
I love you so much forever and always and im so glad we’ve reached 5 months, and many more to come my beautiful boy🤍
this is only some of it , i will write more for you i just wanted to make sure i got the hours right at the start of the para 😓 , but i love you so much baby and im so so so happy we’ve made it this far, and im so excited to continue this journey and see what’s in store for us , good or bad , happy or sad , im still going to be right here with you through it all like I’ve always said and promised , aslong as im alive there will always be someone who loves you so dearly and appreciates you for you, and sees all the hard work you do and sees all the good and bad and will love you through it all , because your my person, my soulmate, the love of my life  and my everything. and i have absolutely no idea what i would do without you in my chaotic silly life .