HAPPY 3 MONTHS TO MY LOVE🤍 

happy 3 months to person who has lighted up my world in a bunch of silly different colours I didn’t even know existed, to the absolute love of my life , to the person who has highlighted my life for the better, the person I get to call home, the person that I will always feel the most safe with, the person I get to come back too and feel at peace with after I deal with this thing called life, im so glad we’ve reached this milestone and have been by eachothers side for this long and many more to come, I wouldn’t want to be reaching these 3 months with anyone but you. 4,5,6,7,8 other milestones is all apart of this plan and life that i cherish so much with you in it. you make my days brighter and worth living, I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again, you are the star that shines brighter than the rest, I will try to find you every single time in any lifetime because i only have eyes for you . against all the millions and billions of things to look at , you have my full attention, and you always will because you're the only one i see myself with, and the only one i ever want to see myself with because the thought of me loving someone else, marrying someone else,feeling this way for someone else makes me sick to my stomach. i'd rather be with you on your worst day than be with anyone else on their best. You are the light to my darkest days , you make me want to overcome the darkness, because I’ve told you about the darkness in me so many times  and you still looked at me like i was the sun. without you there’s no me, if anyone knows about me they know about you, because your the greatest thing that has ever walked into my confused complicated life and i want everyone to know how such an incredible beautiful person you are. no matter the circumstances, no matter the situations, no matter the distance, the disagreements, i will always love you till my very last breath.
I love being with you, I love talking to you, i love laughing and joking with you , i love looking at you , i love your voice and your humour, your respect and your goals, your heart and your interests, your intelligence and bravery, your skin and your soul, i love it all , i love being able to be inlove with you, i love every single fucking thing about you, every single atom. i will love every single version of you as long as i have the ability to love. no matter how many times you put yourself down, no matter what you think about yourself, you might not be what you wish to be, or what you want to be , but your everything that u need to be . you saved my life, and you will always be the most handsome beautiful boy I’ve ever wanted. You are everything i could ever possibly ask for . no matter how you look, how you act, no matter the madness you have or the sadness you feel or the happiness you embrace, I love it. I'm so glad I get to be the lucky girl to love it all. I feel so interlinked with you, like our souls should be connected into 1. I can never get enough of you. I love you, and I don’t just throw that word around just to say it, when I say that I mean it with my whole chest, my whole heart, deeper then you’ll ever think I mean it. I love YOU. i LOVE you. Only you. I’m undeniably devoted to you. and it will always only be you that i love so fucking much, and i will for aslong as i live, no matter what good days you have , the bad days you have. i'm so thankful for you , for putting up with me, dealing with my messy and my clean, taking your time to try to understand me even when I can never find the right words to say. complimenting me even when i can’t seem to take it, listening and remembering all the little silly things I say, making me laugh even when I feel like breaking down, and thank you for being so patient, so caring and so loving towards me even with everything going on in your life. im so lucky to be able to be your girlfriend , I don’t think anyone would be able to handle me the way you do. And Thank you for being you and taking the time out of your day to make sure that im okay. I appreciate it all, and no words , no paragraph, no book can explain or express how much i appreciate, love and care for you. and I don’t expect everything to be perfect, i'm expecting us to fight, go through hard times and go on bumpy roads , but we will get through it together, me and you, because I will never give up on you, I will never give up on us, because you are my person, at the right time, at the right place , everything is right and everything feels so right with you.
and I wouldn’t want to experience all these problems, life goals, and accomplishments without you. And I’ll say it again and again until your absolutely sick of hearing it , im so unbelievably incredibly proud of you . proud of you doing all your basic needs , being so incredibly hardworking and doing the things that take you going out of ur bubble, every single thing you do will never go unnoticed. and I will be that person to notice it all , cheer u on through it all , and support you through it all , always and forever. I will never get over the fact that you popped into my life and took such a big effect and change in me on one random day in February, February 25th. The day when my life completely changed for the better, the day that I realized that I wasn’t so confused, and I had a purpose to fulfill, the day that I got to be able to know what real love feels like , real care, the day that I found out that I am loveable , I can be handled , and I am capable of someone loving me no matter my mood no matter the day.  and for that I will love you unconditionally and my love grows for you every.single.day every single minute and will continue to for many days, many months and many years to come, you will always be my love, my best friend, my boyfriend, my everything until you put a ring on my finger. and then you’ll be my husband. (U already are! Wink wink) . and I will say it AGAIN because I need you to know that I have never loved anyone as much as I love you. And I will NEVER love anyone as much as I love you. the messy sleep schedules , the staying up and talking late, the stupid games we play, the silly talks we have about our future that I adore so much, when we laugh before we tell our jokes to eachother, laughing until we are running out of breath, when we sit in comfortable silence, when we reassure each other, when we cry to eachother, when we shit talk everyone together, when we both wait for the time to call eachother during the day, the way we do “cringy” things but it will never be cringy to us, when we have our adorable talks about how much we love eachother, it all makes me feel at ease and when we are together having those moments i feel like nothing else matters but us, and nothing else does matter but us, you are over everything i can physically or mentally put above.
all those moments and times make my life so much more worth it. YOU make my life so much more worth it. I wouldn’t be here without you baby. I wouldn’t have pushed so hard to get my good grades, to stand up for myself, to be able to look in the mirror and think maybe I am a little pretty to someone, and that someone is you, I feel the most happiest and the most safe whenever im with you, and nothing is going to change that because I’ve never felt as safe with someone as I have with you. I know that I can be myself with you besides all the others in my life that get the fake version of me, but you, you see me for who i truly am as a person, flaws and all, bad times and good and you love me even more (it still doesn’t make sense to me..) . I’ve always hated being clingy, affectionate, lovey , but with you it just feels so right , and I’ve never felt so right in my life about something, anything but you. Im so glad after all the hard times we’ve had to experience, all the difficulties we’ve had to face in our life’s, we can run to each other and help each other through it. And im so glad I get to be that person that gets to hear you out on everything happening in ur life, even when u decide to not tell me im glad I get to be the person to be there for you, I wouldn’t ask for anything more. you have such a ginormous heart, and your precious words and the way you speak to me make me feel like im high in the best way possible, your presence calms me down like no one else can and everything about you makes me weak. you have the most softest spot in my heart and I wouldn’t trade it for the world. when your not okay , im not okay , when your upset, im upset , and when your happy im the happiest I’ll ever be and I wouldn’t do anything to change that. because no matter what we go through, what challenges we face, we will always have each other. and im so happy I get to write these things, show you my love and give you the care that u deserve and more, and i will spend my days, months and years trying to give you the love you should always receive and I will never do such things for anyone else but you. And im strong enough to say that I hate this distance but even more strong enough to say it’s so worth it because in the end, I still get to be with you. And I’ll wait for aslong as it takes to be able to hold you, and kiss you and treat you the way I’ve been dying to treat you. I’m so excited to see where this takes us, and the goals we will achieve together on our ongoing journey, and im glad I get to experience all these new things , all these healthy and beautiful things WITH you. I love you till death do us part , mwahmwah, happy 3 months my incredible beautiful beautiful boy that i adore so much, and many more to come😓🤍 
