happy anniversary baby. i actually cant believe it has been a whole year since 25/2/2025. sitting here thinking about everything we have been through feels so surreal because a year sounds like such a long time but with u it feels like it has gone by in a heartbeat. i remember when rae first introduced us on discord and we were just two people playing roblox together. i didnt know then that the girl on the other side of the screen would become my entire world and the person i want to spend every single second of my life with. talking to u for those five months before we started dating was the best foundation i could have ever asked for because i got to know ur soul before i even knew what it felt like to love u. u r genuinely divine to me. even tho i dont use that word lightly, i say it a lot bc there is no other way to describe how u carry urself and how u make me feel. ur transcendent nia. u exist on a level that nobody else can even touch. ur so beautiful and the way u talk to me and act around me is honestly my favorite thing. even though there is approximately 9,200 to 9,286 kilometers between us right now i feel u so close to me every single night. falling asleep on the phone with u is the highlight of my entire existence. sometimes u stay awake just to hear u breathe (even tho ur mostly muted 😒😒) because it is the most peaceful sound in the world. it reminds me that ur real and that ur mine. when we're on call and the world gets quiet and it is just the sound of ur breathing in my ear i feel like nothing can hurt me. u r my safety and my home ml. it feels so crazy that we r actually at the one year mark. i still remember being so nervous to talk to u and how fucking weird i used to be but now i cant imagine a single day where i dont hear ur voice or hear u breathing on the other side of the phone. u r genuinely my favorite person and i think about our future together every single day.

i really wanna talk about ur personality because u r so much more than just a beautiful face even though u r literally the most divine thing i have ever seen. the way ur mind works is so interesting to me especially when u get all excited talking about sharks or some random aquatic life fact i never knew before. i could listen to u talk for hours and not even care what the topic is just because of the way u say things. u have this way of being so smart and deep while also being funny, open, and easy going. even when we're throwing "i love you" and "i love you mores" at each other, it just feels so natural which is weird for me to say bc it has never felt natural with anyone else. i love that u can be my transcendent goddess one second, and then my best friend the next. ur so funny without even trying and i think that is my favorite part about u. ur humor is just like mine and it makes every single call we have so much better. even when im stressed out with my mom or my igcses u know exactly what to say to make me forget about it. u have this light in u that just makes everything else seem less heavy. i feel like i can breathe easier when i am talking to u. u r my gorgeous girl and my everything. ur the person who kept me sane when my dad was still here and when things get heavy with my mom. i know i’m ~two months older than u but ur so much stronger than me in so many ways. u comfort me like nobody else can, while still dealing with ur frickin cousins. i still feel so bad about when we broke up because of my mental health. i know i told u this but it was like the world turned grey. it felt like i lost a limb or like the sun stopped shining. i would see a shark vid or hear a billie song and i’d just start spiraling because everything reminds me of u. i couldnt stop thinking about u and how u were the only person who actually understood what i went through. i’m so sorry i ever thought i could do this without u. i am never letting that happen again. ur stuck with me mi amor. ur my beautiful baby and my darling and my best friend all in one. i am so sorry i ever let u go for even a second but it taught me that i literally cannot function without u. ur my oxygen nia. i realized then that a life without u isnt a life worth living. ur the person who listens to me, comforts me when my parents r being a lot when my studies r draining the life out of me, and gives me the care and adoration ive never had from anyone else. u held me down when my dad bothered me and u r holding me down now with my mom. u r my rock baby. letting u go was the hardest thing i ever had to do and i am so grateful every single day that we found our way back to each other. speaking ab my dad, i also think back to when my dad was still here and how bad things actually got and its still heavy to even process but u r the only reason i made it through that. he was such a horrible person and the way u stood by me when i felt like i was drowning in my own house is something i can never repay u for. u r my protector baby. even though u r all the way in canada and im stuck in this shithole it felt like u were holding my hand through every single argument and every time he made me feel like i was nothing. ur the one who reminded me that i’m worth something and that there is a life outside of that house. ur the person who brought me closer to god after i lost all faith. i honestly dont think i would be the person i am today if u didn't pick up those calls and just let me vent until i couldnt talk anymore. u saved me from him long before he ever flew overseas. i remember those nights when things were the loudest and i would just put my headphones on and hear u on the other side. just hearing u breathe or talk was the only thing that kept me grounded. the music hits different because of u too. every time i hear beas or billies music i just think of ur face and how much u love them. i swear u r the most beautiful thing i have ever seen and i havent even seen u in person yet but i just know it. ur skin and the way ur prolly gna friggin tower over me imo is literally the blueprint for perfection. u r my divine girl. i know i say that a lot but i mean it in the most literal way possible. it feels like ur from another world or like god sent u here just to make sure i didnt lose my mind. i also love how u r so sure of what u like. like how u know exactly what u want for our future, and that u want that horse and the hamster and the cabin and i love that u have such a clear vision of us. it makes me want to work ten times harder just to make sure i can give u all of that. u deserve a life that is as beautiful as u are and i promise i am going to be the one to build it with u. i love the vibe u give off and how u just carry urself even with so much on ur back and it is so attractive baby i swear. u r my amor and my everything. i love the way u comfort me and how u always know when i am feeling down even if i dont say anything. u r so in tune with me and it makes me feel so seen. ive never felt like anyone actually understood me until i met u. u saw me through the worst parts and u didnt run away. u stayed and u held me together. i am never going to forget that. i honestly love everything about how u sound. i know i tell u all the time that i love hearing u breathe but it is so much more than that. hearing u talk and just go on about ur day or ur interests is the best part of my night. and when u sing... baby u have no idea what that does to me (even tho u never frickin sing unless i go away and come backnto u singing while u think im gone SIGHHHH). ur so talented and ur voice is just as divine as the rest of u. i could listen to u sing ANY song forever. even though i dont really listen to billies music that much yet i am trying so hard to get into it just for u. i want to know every lyric she sings because i know those words mean something to u and if they r important to u then they r important to me too. i want to feel as close to u as possible and if that means having a billie playlist on repeat until i know it by heart then that is what i am gonna do. u r my sweet baby girl and i am so obsessed with every part of u. the way u care and treat me and the people around you and those beautiful brown eyes and that sweet melody of a voice all just makes u feel like a dream i haven't woken up from yet. i think about u and i just get this feeling in my chest that i cant even describe. it is like ur the only person who actually sees the real me. u saw the version of me that was struggling with myself and u didnt look away. u stayed. ur the strongest person i know and i am so lucky that ur mine. i love our little routine so much. watching jjk together and finishing it (so far) was such a fun journey and now being halfway through season two of tokyo ghoul is even more fun. even when im just screensharing and we're talking to each other it feels like we r in the same room. i love the way we joke around but i hope u know that under all the light jabs we take at each other i am completely and utterly obsessed with u.

i keep thinking about when i turn 19 and i finally get to fly to canada for college and i js KNOWWWW its gna be the best day of my life. the thought of finally seeing u in person and being in the same space as u and not having to worry ab timezones or wtv is what keeps me going. i wanna watch anime or shows or movies or do ANYTHING w u while being able to hold you and cuddle you and kiss you all through it, and seeing ur reactions instead of js hearing it thro my headphones. i wanna take u out on dates and get you all the food i wanted to get u. i wanna give u everything u have ever asked for. i will buy u that horse and that shark and the cat and the hamster and whatever else ur heart desires. i just want to see u smile. i want to live in that cabin in the middle of the woods with u. just us in the middle of nowhere with the tall trees and the silence of the woods. no parents or school. js nature and DEFINETLY a big ass tank. i know u r obsessed with sharks and all that aquatic life stuff so we definitely need like a massive custom tank in the living room for u. i dont even care how much it costs or how hard it is to set up i just want to see u staring at them with that look in ur eyes when u r talking about something u love. i’d buy u a whole ocean if i could baby. and the horse too. i can see u riding through it near our cabin looking so frickin amazing because u just fit into nature like that (even tho u should be riding me instead heh... sorry). i can literally see it so clearly in my head like it is already real. ur like something out of a dream and i still wake up wondering how i got so lucky to be the one u chose. u and ur obsession with aquatic life is the cutest thing about u. i promise i will learn every single thing about sharks just to be able to talk to u about them. i promise the second i land in canada and finally see u at the airport everything is going to change. i think about that moment every single day like its a movie or something. i’m probably going to just stand there for a second because ur gna like be so much taller than me and ur gna look so beautiful and divine in person that i might like actually forget how to breathe. i just want to hug u and never let go because a year of hearing u breathe through a phone is way too long. i want to actually feel u there. i want to feel ur skin on mine in the sunlight and not just see you (or BEG TO SEE YOU.) thro a screen

ive been ranting for quite a while now so ill just stfu. js know that although all these words do exist, none of them can truly describe my admiration for you sweetheart. happy 1 year anniversary my forever shining girl. heres to one, and then to many more. 💕
